Angel G: Hi, Michelle.
Richelle Direny: Hi, how are you
Angel G: I'm doing okay. How about you.
Richelle Direny: I'm doing good. Doing good. You're saying
Richelle Direny: Before excitement that we have going on the world around us.
Yeah.
Angel G: I read a few things I wasn't like worried about it at first, until I read this thing about Italy.
Richelle Direny: And how it's
Angel G: Like really affecting over there and everything and then they're supposed to be shutting down Ohio schools starting Monday for like three weeks.
Richelle Direny: You said in the Ohio schools.
Angel G: Yeah, they said they were going to shut them down Monday for like three weeks. So that's pretty scary.
Richelle Direny: What, what do you mean the colleges are just the regular
Angel G: I think just the regular schools. That's like all I heard so far. But that's just like one of my friends posted on Facebook. So it's pretty scary and my sister. She's in prison and they're not letting anybody visit them either. So
Richelle Direny: Wow. Well, it is a little scary around the world because it's um
Richelle Direny: It is
Richelle Direny: You know, there's so much shutting down everything around this. Only thing I mean some jobs they're making the allowing people to work from home and I'm sure those people are not really arguing with that but
Richelle Direny: You know, it is really scary, but you're keeping yourself.
Richelle Direny: Protected for the most part.
Angel G: I'm trying. I already washed my hands a lot. So it's been doing. Same thing, you know, have been too worried, but it's been hard to find toilet paper it's
Richelle Direny: Crazy. That's really crazy, but you know what, you also have, and that's something that they don't really, you have to be careful.
Richelle Direny: With the washing of the hands too much because then you somewhat open up yourself to
Richelle Direny: What was it that they said, and I remember this from years ago they can't really like your natural bacteria is lucky that you love your natural bacteria, because your body is really made up of bacteria.
Richelle Direny: So you're you kill off the natural bacteria that there really to protect you and if you Washington you kill it, then you leave yourself open acceptable to getting anything so
Angel G: Right.
Angel G: Yeah, see I washed my hands a lot. Anyways, because like with my anxiety.
Angel G: My hands. Sweat a ton. So I've always been really weird about my hands and I wash a lot
Angel G: Just because I don't like the way it feels and stuff so
Angel G: I've always been like that.
Richelle Direny: Wow, but I'm going to try to open up this
Richelle Direny: Oh,
Angel G: I like your hair.
Richelle Direny: Thank you. Thank
You really pretty. Thank you.
Richelle Direny: I was gonna walk out. It's been such a long time since we've met angel.
Richelle Direny: So you got you have to catch me up. I felt like I haven't seen you in, like, since you started the program. I think I met you, one time.
Angel G: You met me one time. Yeah. So I really, I really am sorry about that. Like, I started my job. I had a bunch of family stuff going on.
Angel G: You know, and it was, it was really hard when I started my job. Just because I hadn't worked in so long. And I
Angel G: Kind of need. I kind of needed to get out my mom's place and I got my own place. And I just had a bunch of anxiety going on, and I know it probably would have been good to talk to somebody
Angel G: And then like one of my best friends died. And then my sisters dad just died like a week and a half ago, which doesn't have to do with that. But like, it was just a bunch of stuff going on with me.
Richelle Direny: That is a lot because I remember when we met meet you have someone had passed away like friends or something like that.
Angel G: It was
Angel G: Yeah, I was one of my best friends, and it really messed me up. You know, I was in shock for a long time because the only person I've lost like really close to me was my grandma.
Angel G: And then losing my friend. It just, you know, it really messed me up, just because
Angel G: You don't really understand like how dangerous stuff is until it happens close to you or like even with when I was in my addiction. I didn't think that whatever happened to me. You know, it's just it just made me question a lot of things in life, everything you know
Richelle Direny: And, you know, and it's funny that you said like when you're in your addiction and
Richelle Direny: It was just this conversation.
Richelle Direny: So I think I we talked about it in one of my groups. I think on thurs because I do groups on Thursday nights, but I'm
Richelle Direny: In one of my groups, someone had said something that triggered a thought like I was speaking to two of my kids and I kind of gave them this scenario.
Richelle Direny: Or I wouldn't say scenario, you know, when parents are talking to kids, it becomes like a full on full blown lecture. So it was one of those things where
Richelle Direny: I spoke to them. It was a concept of being mindful of who your friends are because often times
Richelle Direny: They you think that their friends and you think that they're good for you. And you think, based on the presentation that, you know, everything is great and wonderful and they got your back. But you have to be mindful.
Richelle Direny: And know who they are because there are people who come in your life that
Richelle Direny: The time that you're very low and you tend to gravitate more to them because they come in your life when you're really low in their meeting that need at that time.
Richelle Direny: But a lot of them who
Richelle Direny: Comes in, come in your life when you are in a moment of real need they often are getting are coming in your life to set you up to
Richelle Direny: Your ultimate destruction, but you don't know because you're so clouded with
Richelle Direny: The different things that's going on in your life, your different circumstances, your different stressors. Your her everything that's going on in your life.
Richelle Direny: When you're going through. So like you're hurt you talk about you lose your grandma, your friend and you're having to move out of your home, you're having to be somewhat of a support for your sister. You have all these things that is going on. So oftentimes your situation clouds, your judgment.
Richelle Direny: Ultimately shore and so people will come in your life and they will fabricate that oh, I'm going to be fair for you and for you.
Richelle Direny: Because that meant that immediate need we tend to kind of gravitate to them and we hold on to them because we're like, oh, they were there when I need it. But guess what,
Richelle Direny: I'm going to be that friend for you. But in my mind. I really have ulterior motive of what I'm ultimately the path. I'm ultimately going to lead you down. You know what I mean.
Richelle Direny: And so, you know, in talking to them. I said, you know, you have to be careful because these people who come in your life. They have a plan for you don't know that.
Richelle Direny: You can't see that because you're in a different headspace so you can't necessarily see that
Richelle Direny: And then the Picture that they paint is so wonderful that when you start heading down that road of destruction. You don't see it until it's become too late.
Richelle Direny: You're almost at that point of no return. And so, you know, it's kind of bringing that thought into awareness to say, you know, we have to be vigilant.
Richelle Direny: Of the things around us and what's going on around us and being able to identify it and say, okay, is this really like I know I'm hurting. I know that this is all going on.
Richelle Direny: But is this really the path that I need to go, am I allowing my emotions to lead me or am I allowing logics to make me see things clearly. You know, I mean,
Angel G: Yeah I know exactly what you mean.
Richelle Direny: So, that is, you know,
Richelle Direny: You know, in the past, I used to always say
Richelle Direny: You don't really see a whole lot of nerds getting into a whole lot of trouble.
Richelle Direny: You're really
Richelle Direny: Nerdy, they look boring. They look well you know see them getting into a whole lot of trouble. Do you
Angel G: Hey, sometimes boring can be better better at times.
Richelle Direny: It's not even sometimes
Richelle Direny: The reality of an angel is boring 95% of the times it's really better boring is relatively boring is all about perspective, because you can take what I see as Lauren and make it fun. It's all about how is your mind.
Richelle Direny: Making you look at this current situation because think about it.
Richelle Direny: You and your girlfriend could just be like, hey, what do you want to do today. You know what, let's sit down and binge watch something on lifetime.
Richelle Direny: You know something silly like that, but you can you can make it fun get popcorn, you can make that moment fun. It's all relative. It's all about what you make of it.
Richelle Direny: If someone if if I say, oh, that's boring. Let's go out here and go meet some guys and this that and the other. And I paint a good picture for you in your mind you're like oh yeah that's fine. But guess what I'm actually leading you into a track.
Richelle Direny: And when I got you in that track that. That's what I'm telling you you on your own.
Richelle Direny: You got to figure out what you see what I'm saying.
Richelle Direny: So remember the
Richelle Direny: A nerd. Don't ever look boring.
Angel G: I know exactly, exactly what you're talking about, you know, like, a while ago. A couple years ago, you know, my mom would always tell me you know
Angel G: Your, your friends really do impact how you are and stuff. And I was like, no way. You know, I'm myself, you know, really confident in myself, you know, I'm who I am and
Angel G: And honestly, I started to notice that I was kind of being like them. And sometimes, you know, I mean, I wasn't really being myself because it was all around me.
Angel G: And I had, I had chosen the kind of people. I kind of really thought who I was. You know what I mean, who I deserved to be around, and I didn't think I deserve to be around.
Angel G: People that, you know, I thought were more higher class than me or something, you know, and you you you are really supposed to like pick your friends, you know, and I was letting them pick me
Angel G: And it does it really does impact you know who you are, who you have around you and your environment and
Angel G: The people you know and like I said I love my mom and stuff, but I had to get away from her because she's always negative. And, you know, like a lot of my. A lot of my friends. You know, I still have love for them and everything, but I had to
Angel G: Be I've kind of had to be by myself a lot and it's been lonely but it's better, you know, and I'm making better decisions. And like I said it, it really does get lonely and it drives me crazy sometimes but
Angel G: It's, you know, I'm not doing what I was doing and hopefully I can find better friends, you know,
Angel G: And I will still have love for those people. You know what I mean. But it's just
Angel G: And even if they don't understand. It's just, I have to be a little bit selfish sometimes because I was just caring about other people too much to where
Richelle Direny: You know,
Angel G: I wasn't thinking about myself at all. And I was kind of being like them, like you said, you know, it really does matter. You know, even though the music you listen to everything packs you you know like just does
Angel G: And it took me a while to really know what that meant.
Angel G: You know, like I knew what it meant. But it really like to grasp it. You know what I mean.
Richelle Direny: And it's still a lot to grass. It's still a lot to really comprehend the vastness of it. It is a lot to cover many you have to kind of
Richelle Direny: take it in stride, like in small pieces and you know just learn from it master it before you move on to the next understanding of it, um,
Richelle Direny: It's that saying birds of a feather flock together. And if you're in a situation where you talk about having anxiety.
Richelle Direny: I mean, truth be told, all of us have some degree of unsettling within ourselves you one will call it anxiety one will call it something as well. It's something that
Richelle Direny: If you're, if you're hanging out with me. And there's something that i doing that, just the very being of you is just really feeling on steady and you're not really liking it.
Richelle Direny: And you're like, You know what, Rochelle I'm not really feeling good about whatever angel at just not being this it
Richelle Direny: The minute a person start saying that to you. They're not respecting how you're feeling in that moment and a true friend.
Richelle Direny: A person who is truly there for you and have your best interests at heart is not willing to put you or allow you to be in a situation where you don't feel that. And that's kind of how you can start setting people apart.
Richelle Direny: Having one good friend means more than having 10 friends that is ultimately going to be your destruction.
Angel G: For sure.
Richelle Direny: You understand so and you know even like when you talk about, like, you know, in addiction.
Richelle Direny: Addiction at the time he makes you feel good, like the first time you try. Oh, I feel nice. It's a false sense of high
Richelle Direny: Oh, I feel so good. I feel like I'm on top of the world and this that and the other, but it doesn't tell you the consequence on the other side.
Richelle Direny: Is somewhat of a lifelong thing that you're going to be going through. So like that immediate high in that immediate feel good in the moment.
Richelle Direny: Doesn't tell you this is what its gonna look like it really doesn't tell you that it just tells you it's all about right now. How do I feel right now. How do you yeah I feel good. But what's going to become international
Angel G: It's always the consequences. It is. You know what I mean. And it's not worth that and it doesn't even last that long. You know, I mean there's just so many things about it.
Angel G: And and i know that at a certain time, you know, I, when I picked to do this program I had trouble at first, you know, and
Angel G: And I did start doing I supposed to do, again, but like I had trouble, and I, I just, you know, I had no money. I was basically kind of homeless and like everything was falling apart. But it was just like
Angel G: You know when I did it, it was just, I felt so much better. And it's just allies to you. You know what I mean, like you're saying it lies to us that it's the devil and
Angel G: Because for the longest time I thought I had control you know i i i knew what it did to people because, you know, I grew up around some people. My family were addicts and stuff like
Angel G: I grew up around. I know what it did people, but I was always like it would never, it would never happen to me like I was a kind of person that didn't like taking Tylenol. When I was younger I hated pills.
Angel G: Frogs any, you know, I mean, I hated it. And I just, it would be like a weekend thing, you know, I mean like I can, I can do this. And I did it for a while for like a year so i i was able to do it just like that and then out of nowhere.
Angel G: It was like I would make excuses. And that's what that's what happened to me was excuses because thinking I deserved it or something, you know, like it's a
Angel G: Monday. Everybody hates Mondays or Wednesday. It's almost the weekend and then weekend. I'm good. You know, and it just got to where it was out of control and
Angel G: It was crazy, you know, and I just
Angel G: woke up one day and I was like, and it was like one of those things woke up one day and I was like,
Angel G: I'm an addict. You know, I mean, like, and it was really hard to say because I was just like, I always like to party, you know, I mean, and it wasn't like
Angel G: I was
Angel G: I really it was
Richelle Direny: I think your puppy.
Richelle Direny: I you're frozen, but I can hear you. Okay, now it's back because then you started crackling up
Angel G: Sorry, did you hear most of it.
Richelle Direny: You know, I heard all of it but towards the end, it started crackling. But you're good. Now I'm
Richelle Direny: Until you were saying that the, the, the last one on what you were saying was that you recognize that you were an addict. Can you woke up one day you woke up one day and saying like, I'm an addict and that's when you you said there's something has to change.
Angel G: I just
Richelle Direny: Okay, you're there.
Richelle Direny: You're frozen.
Me.
Richelle Direny: Your internet keeps dropping
Angel G: So, um, let me just go check it real quick, real quick.
Angel G: I have my thing right here, tried to get in like five times.
Angel G: It says it's good. Let me, let me reconnect it
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Angel G: Can hear me.
Angel G: Yes. Okay, it's connected to my Wi Fi. I was using my phone internet because I just updated my things. I don't understand why it wasn't working, but
Richelle Direny: That's okay.
Richelle Direny: So yeah, so you said that most of the time using you say home alone.
Angel G: Yeah, I mean I have like my cats and I talked to my nephew sometimes and stuff and I have like one friend that's really supportive and it's a good friend that I talked to and
Angel G: But I've kind of I've kind of been, you know, a hermit, you know, for a while and I just haven't really felt like going out and doing anything. It's just, I guess it's just because of the drastic change. And I just, I feel really different, you know, and it's
Angel G: All the emotions that I wasn't dealing with, they are all just come in and you know head on.
Angel G: And sometimes it's just hard to deal with it.
Angel G: You know and I stay home. Most the time I go to work, just come back and you know
Angel G: I'm really proud of myself to be able to work and stuff. Honestly, I didn't think I was going to be able to do it, you know, just because I had not worked for so long. And I was just nervous and but it's been really good for me.
Angel G: And I work with one of my friends named Brandon. I've known him since I was like a kid and he's, he's a really good person and you know he's really supportive and
Angel G: You know, so
Richelle Direny: He don't like I said, having one solid friend is good. And I think that naturally. Sometimes we have to
Richelle Direny: Friend.
Richelle Direny: Um, it's hard. So here it is. I'm telling you that right but my personality is not one that I don't know. I don't know how
Richelle Direny: To do that because I just like I'm just like the bubbly type like I like to talk to everyone or what have you.
Richelle Direny: So it would be very hard for me. So sometimes yes it is like I do understand like, Oh, it feels lonely. You want someone to talk to this. And then the third. So, but you have to identify what what is your personality type, are you one.
Richelle Direny: They like to have company, but having
Richelle Direny: But again, it's all
The kids keeps
Angel G: It keeps freezing
Angel G: Why is my internet not working in
Richelle Direny: Your back. I'm here, you know,
Angel G: Okay. Oh my goodness.
Angel G: I'm gonna stand my my router.
Angel G: I don't know why it's doing. I have no idea what
Richelle Direny: That's fine. It's okay, we're dealing with, I find, maybe it's a whole lot of traffic going on in your area.
Angel G: Can you hear me, Michelle.
Richelle Direny: Can you hear me.
Angel G: Yes, I can hear you now.
Richelle Direny: Um, now what is, what are things that what are the things that you
Richelle Direny: Want
Richelle Direny: To do.
Angel G: What are some things I like to do
Angel G: I love to read. I've been reading a lot lately and I like to write a lot
Angel G: Those are my biggest hobbies. I like to hike a lot when it's nice out. I love to be outdoors.
Richelle Direny: You said you like to write
Angel G: Yes. Yeah, like to write a lot
You journal
Angel G: I'm not lately. I used to a lot, but I've kind of started thinking about it again, I've been writing down like some thoughts and stuff like that or like if the poem pops in my head. I've been doing that, but
Angel G: That's about it. I think journaling would help me. So I've been thinking about doing that.
Richelle Direny: What and in in journaling. What about your journaling helps you
Angel G: I'm just, just kind of like, you know, planning and stuff, too, because I like to just sometimes I write my emotions down, but I like to
Angel G: Plan more like because I can remember what everything I need to do and what I did together day and everything that's mostly what I did was, you know, I mean, it just helps me stay more organized. I guess with my life.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so you said that you'd like to write down your emotion, so
Richelle Direny: When you write that down. Do you ever go back and kind of read what you've written
Angel G: Yeah, I do. And sometimes I don't like to sometimes it can kind of depressed me. It was depressing. But when I do write it down. It just kind of feels like I've gotten it off you know off my chest. You know, I mean,
Angel G: kind of feels like talking to someone, sometimes, you know,
Richelle Direny: Yes, it's talking to someone. Sometimes, sometimes, like when you're writing it down.
Richelle Direny: And you get back
Angel G: It keeps freezing them.
Richelle Direny: Am I the one that's freezing or because
Angel G: You're you keep freezing. Is it okay if I exit out of here real quick and get right back on.
Richelle Direny: Just like okay
Richelle Direny: working properly.
Angel G: Okay, that looks clear
Richelle Direny: Can you hear me now.
Angel G: Yeah, I can hear you.
Richelle Direny: Know, I was asking with with the journaling when you write down your emotion, you're getting it out, but then reading it back to yourself kind of reflecting on how you were feeling in the moment. What tips do you use what coaching skills were apply to kind of get us through that moment.
Angel G: What, what was it like what tips.
Richelle Direny: Wang germ.
Angel G: Oh my gosh. I don't know why.
Angel G: It keeps freezing you. I don't know why. It keeps doing that and I have great internet literally had
Angel G: I don't
Richelle Direny: I don't know if it's both people I know you were frozen moment you're
Richelle Direny: I hear you when you're frozen.
Angel G: Okay.
Angel G: So, yeah.
Angel G: When you fry it freeze it goes in and out.
Richelle Direny: Oh,
Richelle Direny: Well, let me see if this works. Hold on one second.
Richelle Direny: Hold on one second. Let me see if this makes it better. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Is it better.
Angel G: Yeah, I mean I can hear you and see you know so
Richelle Direny: Hold on.
Richelle Direny: Okay, you can hear me on my cell freezing
Angel G: No. All right now.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so maybe it's because I was using my phone.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Hopefully the stable for the next 20 minutes
Yes.
Richelle Direny: No, I was asking when you read when you journal in the past, one who have journal. Um, do you find that when you read the emotions that you have kind of how you were feeling in the moment.
Richelle Direny: Do your journal. This was the circumstances. This is what caused the emotion. This is how I felt in the moment. And this is how I felt after that moment past. Is that how you journal
Angel G: Yeah. Yeah, pretty much. I mean, honestly, it's just kind of different for me. Like I said, I just a job a lot and it just, it just helps me to release honestly writing does. That's like the only thing way I can explain it just feels that
Richelle Direny: You really
Angel G: Just because I feel like sometimes I'm more of a person that like write things down to
Angel G: To communicate. You know what I mean better and I just or I for to remember things even like I said about myself or even when I got to do is just when I write something down. You know, I, it's just the way I process it, you know, it helps me
Richelle Direny: And what are some you. Okay, so one of the things you said you like the outdoors, like what music do you like go to the well you're in Ohio. So there's no real meat right so
Angel G: Um, well, there's like little beaches, like man made ones, and they're not too bad. But you know, I love the ocean, that's for sure. It's my favorite but i i like to hike a lot, you know, there's a lot of hiking Ohio and stuff. I like to hike.
Angel G: On a chair.
Angel G: In my house and
Richelle Direny: They have mountain lions.
Angel G: No here. Fortunately,
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: So, um, so, so being one with nature being there and enjoying nature and kind of just breathing in the air or whatever, just kind of what it is. It feels like being outdoors.
Richelle Direny: And so in this time. Like, even while you're, you're kind of on this road of recovery. Do you find that you enjoy those things a little bit more
Angel G: I'm definitely being outdoors. When it's been nice. I enjoy it more just because I'm not
Angel G: Thinking about when they get a pill constantly. You know what I mean, that just that took up. That was a full time job. You know what I mean. I just had no time to enjoy anything
Angel G: Or really even look around, you know what I mean anything like any of the beauty of anything. You know what I mean. So I definitely enjoy that more. There's a lot of days where
Angel G: Things just look gloomy to me, even if it's a nice day, you know, and I expected going through that, after what I was doing, you know, you're you go through that afterwards and
Angel G: With the writing it helps me, but I have had a lot of work like writer's block and that's bothered me a lot because it's the only thing I'm really good at, you know what I mean. And
Angel G: And it's just it has really messed with me, but I've gotten a little bit to where I'm wanting to write again. So it feels really good. And hopefully I can get back to that they still like
Angel G: Write a couple poems, a day or which is popped my head and they were really good homes. I thought, you know, and
Angel G: And I would read all the time, which I'm I've been reading a lot and I can get into books. Again, you know,
Angel G: Even when I'm in my diction. I tried reading books that I couldn't just because my eyes would slick and it just you couldn't concentrate. You know what I mean. And I just, it's definitely nice to get back into that.
Richelle Direny: You know, I like to do things for me how things work for me. I mean, you can tell me if you kind of understand the concept. I like to make
Richelle Direny: You think that things that by using metaphors kind of draw examples. Take a situation and apply it to something so you can see it a little bit better, a process and a little bit better. But think of it like this.
Richelle Direny: Think about if you've ever gotten like a really deep scar cut or something like that.
Richelle Direny: You have so like you have, you know, let's say your, your arm right here. It's fine. It's smooth, it's fine. Everything something happening. You got like a really big gash
Richelle Direny: It's going to go through the healing process. Right. It's going to need to do its thing. And it's going to go through different phases of the healing process. Right.
Richelle Direny: It's going to hurt. It's going to age it's going to everything is going to go through the process. It's going to say, all we need this. Okay, I need Ben. Ben know I need this. But it's going to go through the process once. Can you rush the healing process.
Richelle Direny: As it's healing as your cut as you. And can you rush the process.
Richelle Direny: Or do you have to slowly just make it go take its course and take it's time to get there.
Angel G: It gets course you know i mean there's things you can do to help it Hill, you know, like I guess with what I'm doing but you know
Richelle Direny: There are things you could do to help it, but you can't rush it. It takes a little time. Once it's heal. Will a scar be there to remind you off the path of what you've had, will the scar be there.
Richelle Direny: So the scar will always be a reminder. And every time you look at that scar. You're going to know
Richelle Direny: This is what happened. This is what caused this cut or this wound. This is what I went through and as I'm going through it. I'm going to learn along the way.
Richelle Direny: Because what I'm learning is saying, I don't want to have to pull back through what I went through and this scar is a constant reminder of him. So once I am now healed.
Richelle Direny: Every time I look at this scar. I'm going to say, Oh, no, no. I am not going to do whatever I did to get the scar because I remember
Richelle Direny: All that I went through to get this and I like what everything that I've gone through has led me to where I am now as why as I as I am today. Though the scar.
Richelle Direny: put me through a lot. I've experienced a lot, but I've also learned from it and it's made me who I am today. And so I like where I am today. And I want to continue on that path.
Richelle Direny: So even though there are things that you did in the past and enjoyed or what have you. You kind of went through this period of time where
Richelle Direny: Life happen. You got introduced to whatever it was, whether it was pain pills or what have you. And I remember you said that
Richelle Direny: A lot of what kind of got you started was kind of being a part of the inner crime and the friends you had, and all of that. What was, what kind of got you in it and you kind of like, Oh, I like this life. It seems cool, it seems fun
Richelle Direny: Tell you, they weren't nerds right there were none of them were nerds.
Richelle Direny: No, they didn't have five 5.0 GPA is like
Richelle Direny: But
Richelle Direny: So you you recognize the friends, the company I had is what made me get this scar.
Richelle Direny: And by myself. I had to go through the healing process and the healing process was no joke.
Richelle Direny: I have to go through counseling. I had to be a part of a Suboxone program. I had to share parts of me that I might not necessarily have a light sharing with people that I really didn't know
Richelle Direny: So I went through some some things with this scar and I had to do it by myself. The emotions. I went through the thoughts. I went through.
Richelle Direny: Every single thing the embarrassment. Maybe at times that I had to deal with when I had to go get my medication and the questions I had to answer.
Richelle Direny: You have to take every single thing that you had to go through while you were in this healing process. The moments of feeling lonely feeling segregated feeling what ever you felt during this healing process.
Richelle Direny: It will end because there's always a light at the end of the tunnel, we have to remember, there is always a light at the end of the tunnel. The question is, do you want to get to the other side of where that light is
Richelle Direny: Once you get there, you're going to say, Man, I went through some crap. I went through some ish
Angel G: You understand
Richelle Direny: And I went through that ish by myself. Yeah. Wouldn't be or what meet because you don't want your bailed on
Richelle Direny: So guess what I don't want to go through that anymore.
Richelle Direny: Because I remember every time I look at this car. This is a self inflicted wound self in all of this is self inflicted I wasn't born with it. It was self inflicted because of the choices I made
Richelle Direny: And why you're going through this healing process during this time it's for you to get to know who is really angel.
Richelle Direny: What makes angel feels happy or sad, lonely or cry. What is angels purpose in life. Could this car this wound
Richelle Direny: Did angel have to go through this in order to get to ultimately where she needs to go in life. Because when we look at people that are great in life. We don't ever really stop and say, I wonder what their story is
Richelle Direny: Because I'm sure their story is what made them where they are and who they are. But remember,
Richelle Direny: While you're while you're wound is closing because this is right now. This is where you are your wound is closing and you're going through all of the distant mixed emotions.
Richelle Direny: And sometimes the wound is so painful that you want to be, you want to reach for the big guns. Right. Sometimes the pain while the wound is closing
Richelle Direny: Says, oh no, I can't do with this no more. Let me go back and get me some feel good because I can't, I can't deal with this. This is too much, it's too much. I need to go back, because if I go back to my feel goods. I ain't gonna feel all of this right here.
Richelle Direny: But
Richelle Direny: When the wound is really getting ready to close for good. That's the time you go through the most pain.
Richelle Direny: Have you ever gotten like a little scratch and like right when it's almost heal it keeps itching. It's like, it's just, it's so irritating.
Richelle Direny: And that's when it's going through its final stage is doing all the cells and everything is working. It starts pitching. You're like, oh my god, I can't get rid of this.
Richelle Direny: Remember, you still have to go through the pain of it all and all of that. Because after it's close. You're going to realize I made I DID YOU SAID I DIDN'T. So everything is about perspective, how do I look at this, I want to be on this road of recovery.
Richelle Direny: I want to close this world.
Richelle Direny: It's the scars going to be there, which means that I can't forget what I've done.
Richelle Direny: But I can remember what I had to go through to get where I'm going, or where I've come
Richelle Direny: To understand
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm. And so that's how you look at it in this time period.
Richelle Direny: It's for you to do a little self reflecting
Richelle Direny: It's for you. It's really for you to do some deep true self, reflecting and just think
Richelle Direny: Who am I
Richelle Direny: Who is angel.
Richelle Direny: Pending on who you believe in what did God create angel to do
Richelle Direny: He created a new something. What is that, and is this the path I have to travel to ultimately get to where I need to
Richelle Direny: Because you're always going to have distractors will we all have distractors you're saying
Richelle Direny: There's always going to be distractions, but
Richelle Direny: If you want to find your purpose.
Richelle Direny: Maybe at this time being alone is where you do your best cooking.
Richelle Direny: It's where you do your best soul searching. If I'm all up in your face all the time. Yeah, go ahead. No time thing.
Richelle Direny: You can't hear the voices in your head. And granted, I mean I know we're in the world of mental health and hearing. Somebody says, I can't hear the voices, you know, and kind of like, no, no, no.
Richelle Direny: Need to hear the voices in my
Richelle Direny: I need a little peace and quiet to hear two voices in my head, please.
Angel G: You know, to me,
Richelle Direny: What I need, I need, I need to hear the voices become too much be like Tom, I can only hear one at a time.
Angel G: But
Richelle Direny: I need some peace and quiet to hear the voices in my head to make sense of my life. I need to find my purpose.
Richelle Direny: But a part of your purpose.
Richelle Direny: Is the road you're on.
Richelle Direny: To be successful in this role, it means you have to be fully aware
Richelle Direny: Your past is your paths. There's nothing you could do about it.
Richelle Direny: You can't change it, which could definitely learn
Richelle Direny: As you go through this on the journey. There are times. Like sometimes you say look I feel really anxious and all of that.
Richelle Direny: That is as you're going through the healing process, anxiety, sometimes
Richelle Direny: Is caused by fear. Fear of the unknown.
Richelle Direny: Fear of my abilities fear of my own shrink and what is that going to look like.
Richelle Direny: And fear of I've accomplished something. But I don't know how I should feel. Should I tell somebody should I keep myself.
Richelle Direny: All of that happens. And so sometimes when we don't know what to do with these emotions. This is when you go back
Richelle Direny: Because you're so fearful of these emotions, we go back instead of Allow it to run its course allowed to do what it needs to do, because this too shall pass.
Richelle Direny: It's hard. It's really hard to comprehend it. Honestly, when you say this too shall. It's kind of like you're in some serious pain. Don't worry Angeles. Okay, you're going to get through what you mean I'm gonna get through it. I'm feeling it right now.
Richelle Direny: You will get through it. You understand I'm saying it's kind of like, Oh, I never think. Let me get out of high school boy oh boy, and then tell me that in four years was gonna go on just that quick.
Uh huh.
Richelle Direny: So it's kind of everything is a matter of perspective, how am I looking at life.
Angel G: How my table.
Richelle Direny: My
Richelle Direny: Your wound is your room. Your scar your healing world is yours.
Richelle Direny: What are you doing to help you manage the pain as your room.
That's the question.
Richelle Direny: You go to groups you're on the Suboxone maintenance. You're going to start doing therapy, you're working everything you're engaged in right now.
Richelle Direny: Do you find it to be.
Richelle Direny: A healthy state for you right now.
Angel G: I do. Yeah, I do. And you know there's with, like I said, the working and getting my own place. Honestly, I'm kind of surprised at myself.
Angel G: Because I didn't think I could do it again. You know, just, it was just the fear. You know what I mean. And, and I still carry fear because
Angel G: I want. Of course I want a better job. I want a career, you know, I worked at a bank for a couple of years, and I was happy with that. But
Angel G: I want you know I want a career and I want to be happy. And it just, I have a lot of fear towards failing.
Angel G: Or relapsing or you know what I mean, like, there's definitely a lot of fear there because sometimes it does get hard. You know, I've stuck with it, but there's definitely fear.
Angel G: For that for the future. A lot of that, you know, but, um, you know, in just me. Like I said,
Angel G: I feel like I've been kind of selfish because my friends are like everyday. Want me to hang out and stuff, you know, do all this stuff and I just
Angel G: In it, sometimes they may not even be like a bad thing like not always go to the bar or something. I mean, it might just be just to go hang out or something. But I just had been like, no, I
Angel G: Ally, or if they have something going on or something, sometimes don't hurt their feelings, but I just kind of sit at home and read and, you know,
Angel G: It's just, it's honestly been therapeutic for me because I just I know my body like I knew what I needed. And it was some alone time, you know, just, I just needed it.
Angel G: And I do feel like that's been really helpful for me.
Richelle Direny: Respect that I said the voices respect what it's saying your inner man is saying angel, we need some time alone, girl. We really need some time alone.
Richelle Direny: All but Rochelle. So we go angel, we need some time alone. Can we have a little time alone. Can we sit on this glass of water. Real slow, you said, I'm saying, Can we watch a movie together. I just want to spend a little time with you don't
Richelle Direny: Let me ask you, because I hear a lot. What you're saying is more feeling guilty to not being able to be there with your friends into like is it. Is that what you feel guilt.
Angel G: Or not. No, it's, it's a little bit of that.
Angel G: You know, it's a little bit of that. But it's more, it's honestly more fear of losing all of my friends because how can I be unavailable for this long. You know what I mean like everybody's always like, well,
Angel G: If they can't hang out with you, even like once a month or something. You know what I mean, like, I've just been like a hermit, but they don't understand, like, and I've tried to explain it.
Angel G: And there's times where I get kind of mad at them for not understanding to, you know what I mean. But it's more of the fear of losing all my friends, you know, just because I don't have any time for anyone. It doesn't seem, you know,
Richelle Direny: What is your definition of are really, really good friend.
Angel G: Just someone that's there for you. Someone tells you when you're doing wrong you know someone's that's that's there for you for the good in the bad times.
Angel G: Someone that says good things about you when you're out of the room, you know, someone you can trust you know and i really don't feel like I had a lot of friends like that in my life, you know,
Richelle Direny: So why why fear losing the ones that you have. If you feel like you don't have a lot
Angel G: I don't know, it's just the loneliness. You know what I mean. And I i've always wanted a girlfriend to hang out with the boys been like around guys and something that's cool. Sometimes guys are
Angel G: Easier to hang out with you know what I mean. But I've always wanted a girlfriend. And then whenever I get one. They're kind of toxic usually
Angel G: And I don't know, I just always wanted that so bad. You know what I mean. And it's just
Angel G: It just, you know, it's just something I want really bad and I kind of, even if it's kind of been bad it's kind of been for it. Sometimes I mean
Angel G: I'm learning. Now you know what I mean. Like I said, I haven't really talked to anybody. Just because I'm
Angel G: Trying to really figure out if it's worth it or if they're actually good for me. You know what I mean. Because sometimes it's not all playing out there like they're bad for you. You know, I mean, it's just like, because not everybody's perfect, you know, but
Angel G: I don't know, but
Richelle Direny: Again, remember what I said earlier, go back to that inner voice that inner voice is just saying, hey, that's just not good for us right now that really isn't
Richelle Direny: Everything that you said describes a really good friend and I'm gonna let you in on something, just like you. I feel the same way you kind of like want that one good solid girlfriend.
Richelle Direny: Well, you know what I find sometimes that one good solid girlfriend is already there. You just haven't recognized that person is yet.
Richelle Direny: You just haven't recognized and I think because like our mind has created what that one good solid girlfriend looks like.
Richelle Direny: Which is sometimes a false interpretation of what it really should look like. Because our expert and this is another the expectations. A lot of times, lead us down a wrong path.
Richelle Direny: I think I forgot how long it took me to find that I have like maybe a handful of really good solid girlfriends, and it took me a long time to realize that they were
Richelle Direny: It took me a very long time because I really true. Good solid friend.
Richelle Direny: Even if you go off the radar for a year or two or three when you come back on the radar. They're not going to make you feel like, Where have you been for so long. Oh, life has gone on and they're going to act like they just saw you yesterday.
Richelle Direny: And we just playing catch up from yesterday when we spoke, you were saying.
Richelle Direny: Who do you think is important right now.
Angel G: Well,
Angel G: Myself.
Angel G: One of my one really good friends, you know, that is really good for me that I talked to a lot and
Angel G: My mom, of course, and my sister and, you know, but like I said, I haven't focused on myself. Number one,
Richelle Direny: That's the
Richelle Direny: Only person that's important right now you
Richelle Direny: When you're wounded closing off. You don't really hope you don't need a whole lot of people because you know what, when that one just close it up, you don't need. It's just you, it needs time
Richelle Direny: It needs it needs time
Richelle Direny: Anytime.
Richelle Direny: I need to focus on everything I'm doing
Richelle Direny: I need to get the right tools.
Richelle Direny: And I need to be one myself.
Richelle Direny: Along the way,
Richelle Direny: There is a saying.
Richelle Direny: Tomorrow has its own troubles, so don't worry about it.
Richelle Direny: Yesterday is gone, but tomorrow has its own set of troubles. Stay focused on today.
Richelle Direny: I hear you. I want you want to. And those are goals. Those are goals that you have. And I think when your journaling and I really truly encourage you to just go back into journaling, write down
Richelle Direny: Maybe the next time we meet, write down your long term goals and your short term goals, your long term goals you've named them. You want to be able to get a career. What is that career.
Richelle Direny: What is it that you need to do to attain that that career. And once you've identified that you will now know what kind of jobs, you need to go after that will help to
Richelle Direny: ultimately bring you into that career because we can't just hop into any of them. We have to kind of get there, where are you today.
Richelle Direny: And all of the different steps, you want to write down every little tiny details of how you get to that long term goal and it starts with your short term goal your short term goal. I think you're kind of working in it right now getting yourself to a place of stability.
Richelle Direny: That's what you're doing right now.
Richelle Direny: So like writing down your short term goal.
Richelle Direny: Which will include changes that you need to make
Richelle Direny: Because how old are you,
I'm 26
Richelle Direny: Okay, so you're young. So you've got a long way to go. So you're where you are right now, just think about where you are right now what you're doing right now. You just said your surprise of yourself. You got your you worked enough. You got your own place kind of doing your own thing, right.
Richelle Direny: So with that, that's part of your short term goal and you have accomplished some of those things. So every time you have accomplished a goal, check it off.
Richelle Direny: Good job. I've made.
Richelle Direny: That goal. Did that goal every day. You said one goal that you're going to achieve.
Richelle Direny: If you didn't achieve it in that just one if you didn't achieve it in that day, at the end of the day, I want you to reevaluate what was it,
Richelle Direny: That you're stumbling blocks that made you not achieve that goal today, then you're going to apply it somewhere else, maybe in the next day or what have you.
Richelle Direny: Because sometimes when we think, oh, I didn't achieve and you see you work up your exact note because the reality is, maybe I couldn't really achieve that goal today because something else came up, but I really truly couldn't handle control over it.
Richelle Direny: And that's kind of just how you look at it, so I honestly, I'm going to encourage you to the next time we meet, we just talk about what are some long term goals you came up with. What are some short term goals and what are
Richelle Direny: The steps you have taken thus far.
Richelle Direny: To get to some of those short term goals. If you haven't already. Okay.
Angel G: That's all we can do
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm. It's just, it's start because that's, that's another thing where your anxiety comes from. It's, it's the fear, it's because you want so much, but you can't get it right all now.
Richelle Direny: You have to take little steps. That's my long term goal. This is the short term goal that leads to the long term goal. I just need to re evaluate it.
Richelle Direny: And in control. Sometimes we have no control over certain things are really sure we don't. And we just have to reevaluate and say, Hey, why didn't I get to that goal today.
Richelle Direny: Oh, well. It was because of this. Okay, so then maybe I can try to do. I could tweak it and tomorrow. I can do something I can you know I can get to it tomorrow. It's not a problem.
Richelle Direny: And I think once you start looking at things that way. It starts with lowering your anxiety, just one match at a time.
Angel G: One day, because I always have all this anxiety over all this stuff. I didn't do too, because
Angel G: I procrastinate to, you know what I mean. And then if I if I start on the thing, too. I get into it too much. Sometimes too you know what i mean i and then I take too long to do it and
Angel G: You know what I mean. I just sometimes I do that kind of stuff, too. And it messes. The goals up that I have, even if it's something small for the day, you know, we all do it.
Richelle Direny: And so that's, I
Richelle Direny: Definitely just at the end, put them all on paper, if that's what helps you put it all on paper, long term, short term steps to get to the long term.
Richelle Direny: There are some there are steps to get to the short term, some long term goal your short term usually falls into your long term and it leads up to the long term.
Richelle Direny: But like the steps that you're going to take and you have to identify every detail of it. And when we talk about it during the next time we meet
Richelle Direny: You know, maybe at that point as you go over it. Maybe I can give you a pointer or idea or a thought that maybe you didn't even think about, like, Oh yeah, I forgot that maybe I need to add that in there.
Angel G: That would be really helpful.
Richelle Direny: But again, it is that you didn't achieve a goal for that day really just say okay
Richelle Direny: What let me do an inventory of the day so I can see why didn't I achieve the goal for that day. And if you really do an inventory and you say,
Richelle Direny: Your inner your inner girl says, you know, he was you're procrastinating today. You know, you're really surely procrastinating. Okay. Well, how was I procrastinate.
Richelle Direny: Maybe you even you talk to, homeboy, over there for that long. And so then you can say, all right, now I know this is what I did. And maybe if I stay on task and be
Richelle Direny: vigilant and be intentional about what I do.
Richelle Direny: I won't have so much anxiety when I don't accomplish something
Richelle Direny: Always looking back
Richelle Direny: Always look at that because
Richelle Direny: Ultimately when you become what do you want to do when you say you want a career. What do you want to do.
Angel G: Um, well, I really want to get into real. It's real tea. You know, I kind of thing get real estate.
Angel G: Or I've always wanted to get into, like, as a veterinary tech or something like that. But it's between those two.
Angel G: You know, even reality or, you know, real estate could be like a plan B to do something I can do on the side. Sometimes or something. But it's definitely like two things I want to get into
Richelle Direny: You really like animals ruin. Yep. Do you like snakes to
Angel G: I'm not really, but I can be around them. They just, they kind of scare me. I've always been scared of snakes, but
Richelle Direny: They want to work with back in the back office. I'm like,
Angel G: Yeah, I'm scared of snakes. So that might be a little problem. I'm good with all other animals.
Angel G: froze up there for
Richelle Direny: Ya know, it was my internet because it said it was not
Richelle Direny: Stable. Um, yeah. So, so let's hold on let me let me come on here and see what the next one, what days are good for you.
Angel G: Um, well, um, Tuesdays are always really good for me. I'm always free then
Angel G: Or Thursdays Tuesdays and Thursdays, or anytime on the weekend.
Richelle Direny: Okay, what day you're off on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: I'm
Richelle Direny: What I'm going to what I'm going to do the next time that I'm going to send you a reminder, so that if you have like if you're not going to make it or whatever you can like it's been, I can send me a text message.
Richelle Direny: So let me know.
Richelle Direny: You do groups on Tuesdays. Right.
Angel G: Yeah, at 130
Richelle Direny: So we can, we couldn't meet on Tuesdays.
Richelle Direny: Okay, because we can't do group on Tuesday. Okay.
Richelle Direny: So do you work in the day, or in the afternoon in the morning.
Angel G: And in the in the afternoon, you know, I mean the afternoon.
Angel G: So I'm always available in the morning.
Angel G: But I got today also you get my car fix
Angel G: Oh, and I had to meet with you so
Richelle Direny: What time do you get up, you said, hold on.
Richelle Direny: Today,
Richelle Direny: lets me
Richelle Direny: Um, you said mourners mornings are always better. Right.
Angel G: Yes.
Angel G: Because like you. Well, sometimes I'll have until 4pm but it's in the morning. I know I'll be available. You know what I mean.
Richelle Direny: OKAY MAX, YOU. It's going to be in two weeks.
Richelle Direny: Okay, that's to Thursday at
Angel G: Thursday at 10am
Richelle Direny: If anything, I'll let you know.
Richelle Direny: Thursday.
Angel G: Okay, what date is that
Angel G: The second, the second. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Anything changes.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: So you talked about a lot. What is what something. What is a takeaway that you can what time you go to group 12 o'clock or 1031 3130
Richelle Direny: Yes, what is something that you can take away
Angel G: I'm honestly you just made me feel better about me being alone. You know what I mean. I just like I said that has been something that's kind of bothered me a little bit.
Angel G: With a tad bit of guilt and, you know, just being, you know, afraid of losing my friends. You know, it's just, it's nice to hear someone telling me that it's actually that's good that I'm doing that. You know what I mean.
Angel G: Because I've had some people tell me that it's not. But I'm like, I think I know you know what i mean i just. That's the hope you feel better.
Richelle Direny: Your life. It's your history, you know you and if it's good for you, then that's what's important. It's, you know, under different depends on the circumstance of each person, but for you if you know alone time is what you need to help your mood.
Richelle Direny: To give your own time to heal.
Richelle Direny: To repair itself.
Richelle Direny: Just kind of to reset. So basically that's what you're doing. You're resetting your phone battery dies, you need to charge it right and you don't need to be in a bunch of crowd the charge you to put it by itself to do what it needs to do so, um,
Richelle Direny: It's okay, it's okay to do what you're doing.
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: Like I said do
Richelle Direny: Just do like the long term, short term and then we'll talk about it when we meet in two weeks time
Richelle Direny: Okay, and that will really truly allow you to do some reflecting
Angel G: Car. I think so too.
Richelle Direny: Alright, Angel and hopefully have internet issues.
Angel G: Yeah, hopefully, like I said, I just got this internet should be really good. I you know I got home, internet. So yeah, I don't
Richelle Direny: Know i think i think you know what I think maybe it's the both of us. I don't know. But money started working out. Okay. Alright, man. Have a good one. Angel.
Angel G: you cherish. I'll take care